good morning it's June 6 2020 and it's a
Saturday here in LA started off really
cloudy but now a lot of blue skies hope
for more and more golden sunshine very
still right now a chilly 61 degrees
Fahrenheit 16 Celsius should get up to
around 70 degrees Fahrenheit this
afternoon hopefully with some Sun around
21 Celsius on this day June 6 1944 that
was d-day when the Allied forces landed
in Normandy in the northern coast of
France
and that operation involved 1 million I
was reading 1 million five hundred and
twenty seven thousand soldiers huge
thing d-day 1944 June 6 and I had a
dream one night that I was killed in
Normandy on that day I was German
soldier 16 years old Hitler had started
recruiting younger and younger boys my
mother was so sad to see me go and I
found myself walking on that day I was
very very far from the beaches I was in
this kind of terrain was like little
sand dunes slow scrub brush it was very
very foggy and cloudy and gray and I
came up over this rise I was carrying my
rifle and down in a hollow there was an
American soldier who turned and fired
his machine gun and it hit me in the
stomach the bullets
I dropped my rifle and grabbed my
stomach and I could feel this warm blood
coming out and the next thing I knew my
body got very very hot and the next
thing I knew I was on my knees and the
next thing lights out